docs: add `i18n` documentation to subclasses of `disnake.Client` (#661)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/652.doc.rst

> :class:`.ext.commands.Bot` and :class:`.ext.commands.InteractionBot` class references now document :class:`Client.i18n` attribute

Reviewer: Needs a period at the end.
```suggestion
|commands| Document the ``i18n`` attribute on :class:`.ext.commands.Bot` and :class:`.ext.commands.InteractionBot` classes.
```
